Add more 5.12.0 changelog issues (#230)
luanti-org/docs.luanti.org: content/about/changelog.md

### Deprecations and compatibility notes
- 5.12.0 is the first build to use SDL2 for window and input handling

>   - Key bindings now use [scancodes](https://kbdlayout.info/kbdusx/scancodes) instead of printable characters. After updating Luanti, the user will be prompted to verify and/or reassign their game hotkeys.

Reviewer: still says "game hotkeys"

not sure the new link is much more helpful. suggestion to explain what this means:

```suggestion
  - Key bindings are now based on scancodes (i.e. key positions) instead of keycodes ("marking on the keycap"). After updating Luanti, the user will be prompted to verify and/or reassign their key bindings. See also: [Controls](/for-players/controls)
```

> - Saved worlds that were newly created (or migrated using `luanti(server) --migrate`) by 5.12.0 can no longer be loaded by older versions. Worlds that are played over the network are unaffected.

Reviewer: `luanti --migrate` isn't valid

> - Saved worlds that were newly created (or migrated using `luanti(server) (--server) --migrate ... --world ...`) by 5.12.0 can no longer be loaded by older versions. Worlds that are played over the network are unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Saved worlds that were newly created (or manually migrated using `luanti --server --migrate ... --world ...`) by 5.12.0 can no longer be loaded by older versions. Worlds that are played over the network are unaffected.
```

the change log entrys's job is not to describe how to migrate (and it would do so insufficiently anyway), can keep it simple

Author: I would like to express my first reaction in the style of 4chan:

> be me
> keep the description and command short
> be told it's not a valid command
> make the command correct
> be told to keep it simple
> fml

Well, I can change that. But at some point I hope it's good enough.

Reviewer: Yeah sure feel free to just merge it ... If you can

  - Details: instead of a unified `pos` field for `x`, `y` and `z`, the coordinates are now saved individually. This makes the database more accessible by external tools. ([even more details](https://github.com/luanti-org/luanti/pull/15768))
- Lua API: The node/item registration functions now use stricter checks to avoid bad practices in mods.

> - Lua API: "Perlin noise" (and related functions) were renamed to "Fractal value noise". The old API remains accessible, yet without any deprecation warnings.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a note like `- The old name was inappropriate: Luanti has always implemented value noise, *not* perlin noise.`

it seems otherwise users will just think this is some unnecessary aesthetical renaming
